gcc -O -Wall -g -c alg_gfx.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c alg_main.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c docked.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c elite.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c intro.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c planet.c
planet.c: In function ‘expand_description’:
planet.c:416:6: warning: this ‘for’ clause does not guard... [-Wmisleading-indentation]
      for (ptr = str; *ptr != '\0';)
      ^~~
planet.c:418:7: note: ...this statement, but the latter is misleadingly indented as if it were guarded by the ‘for’
       desc_ptr--;
       ^~~~~~~~
gcc -O -Wall -g -c shipdata.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c shipface.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c sound.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c space.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c swat.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c threed.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c vector.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c random.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c trade.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c options.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c stars.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c missions.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c pilot.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c file.c
gcc -O -Wall -g -c keyboard.c
gcc -o newkind alg_gfx.o alg_main.o docked.o elite.o intro.o planet.o shipdata.o shipface.o sound.o space.o swat.o threed.o vector.o random.o trade.o options.o stars.o missions.o pilot.o file.o keyboard.o -lalleg -lm
